- [Instructor] So let's actually see JPA entity.
We'll start with a simple example
where we map one database table to one JPA entity.
On the left side is an ER diagram component
representing a table called student.
Student has four columns.
Student_id, student_name, student_fulltime,
and student_age.
On the right side is a Java class called
student with four attributes.
Student_id of type integer,
name, that's a string,
fulltime, which is a boolean,
and age, which is an integer.
The class must be annotated with @Entity.
@Table is where we specify the database table name.
Entities must have a unique identifier attribute
with @Id.
If desired, @Generatedvalue
tells JPA to generate the id when persisted.
For this reason,
we don't include student id in the constructor.
@Column maps the class attributes to table columns.
Now that we have identified
the object to relational mapping metadata,
all of our database related coding
can stay in the logical world
because JPA will take care of the physical world for us.